Update provider docs and ReadMe (#564)
pagopa/dx: .changeset/mighty-jars-battle.md

---
"provider-azure": patch
---

> Update README and docs with new resourc_namee for function and minor fix for cidr resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update README and docs with new resource_name for function and minor fix for cidr resource
```
